Ticket
Hi Sunil kumar Harijan, thank you for booking with us. We wish you a pleasant journey!
Booking Confirmed
Purnea - Sharjah
One Way,Thu, 21 May
Booking ID:NN7AL3R839361614461,(Booked on 6 May 2026)
Barcode(s) for your journey HYD-SHJ on G9
MR Sunil kumar Harijan
Barcode(s) for your journey PXN-HYD on 6E
Mr Sunil kumar Harijan
Manage Booking
BOOKING DETAILS
Purnea-Sharjah
Thu, 21 May 2026 • 1 stop • 05 h duration
IndiGo Purnea Hyderabad
6E 5936 PXN 15:40 hrs 02 h 20 m 18:00 hrs HYD
Thu, May 21 Thu, May 21
PNR: VEL63X
Purnea Airport Rajiv Gandhi International
Airport
SAVER REGULAR Economy
Cabin Baggage: 7 Kgs (1 piece Check-in Baggage: 15 Kgs (1 piece
only)/adult only)/adult
TRAVELLER SEAT MEAL BAGGAGE E-TICKET NO
Mr Sunil kumar Harijan - - - VEL63X
(ADULT)
10h 20m layover • Hyderabad (HYD)
Change of planes
Check-in your baggage again
Air Arabia Hyderabad Sharjah
G9 468 HYD 04:20 hrs 02 h 40 m 07:00 hrs SHJ
Fri, May 22 Fri, May 22
PNR: 6SAN76
Rajiv Gandhi International Sharjah
Airport Terminal MainT
Value REGULAR Economy
Check-in Baggage: 30 Kgs (2 piece
Cabin Baggage: 7 Kgs/adult
only)/adult
Under-seat Bag: 3 Kgs/adult
TRAVELLER SEAT MEAL BAGGAGE E-TICKET NO
MR Sunil 14A Freshly cooked Chickpeas with spices, - 6SAN76
kumar Harijan onions, tomatoes and herbs. Naturally
(ADULT) vegan and packed with healthy minerals
and protein. Allergens:-
Gluten/Wheat,Crustecean,Peanuts,Multard
Benefits claimed
myCash Earned
For bookings made with MakeMyTrip ICICI Bank Credit Card, up to 6% myCash will be credited as
per the credit card statement cycle.
₹30,142 will be added to your travel spends after trip completion. Click here to Know more
PAYMENT INFORMATION
Total Amount ₹ 27,138
You saved ₹ 3,004
Paid by Credit Card ₹ 27,138 with MMTCCINT coupon
Your invoice will be available after your travel on My Trips
Click here to Know more
DIGI YATRA
Avoid Long Queues at the Airport with DigiYatra
Use DigiYatra — the Ministry of Civil Aviation’s mobile app to enjoy a hassle-free airport experience, for your
upcoming flight. It enables you to activate face scan for check-in at the airport with 2 easy steps:
Step 1: Pre-verifying your identity using Aadhaar Card details
Step 2: Updating your upcoming flight’s boarding pass
Know More
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
For a convenient travel, follow these guidelines
• A Note on Guidelines Please note that travellers are solely responsible for ensuring their eligibility to
enter the destination or transit countries. We accept no liability in this regard. Please check the travel
rules of all regulatory websites before booking and commencing travel.
• Air Arabia Travellers, Please Note As per the Air Arabia policies, in case of cancellation or
rescheduling, you’ll be receiving your applicable refund in the form of a credit note (also known as a
credit shell), which is issued after deducting the applicable cancellation penalty. This credit note can be
used for your future bookings with Air Arabia. Please see, this credit note refund will be issued on a
per-passenger basis and can only be used for that specific passenger, in accordance with their
respective refund amounts. A credit note is solely issued by Air Arabia and MakeMyTrip is not liable in
any regard.
• Custom Combination This itinerary was created by MMT by combining separate one way tickets and
requires a self transfer at the transit point. In case of delays, schedule change, cancellation or
disruption in one flight, the customer will not be eligible for refund of the non-impacted flights.Baggage
allowance is decided as per the individual airline policy and may differ for each sector. You might be
required to collect and check in your baggage again. You must also check the airport terminal for your
next flight, as it may be different from the one you landed at.Transit Visa may be required for this
booking. Please check the visa rules and policies for your transit points and final destination carefully
before booking.
• Passengers travelling to India, please note Effective October 1 2025, all International travelers to
India must complete the Electronic Arrival (E-Arrival) Card online at Government of India WebsiteThis
must be done within 72 hours before arrival. For more details, please refer to this Link
• Please Note Passengers travelling on a tourist visa or visit visa are not allowed to travel with one-way
ticket. They must show a confirmed return ticket else they may not be allowed to board the
flight.Passengers must also carry proof of accommodation/hotel reservation and sufficient funds to
cover the expenses in the destination country.Passengers must adhere to baggage dimension (length,
breadth, width etc.) guidelines of the airline, else they may have to pay additional charges or be even
denied boarding. Kindly refer to the airline website for more details.For travellers departing from India
or arriving in India: Fast Track Immigration - Trusted Travellers' Programme (FTI-TTP) has been
initiated to speed up the Immigration clearance process for eligible persons from these categories: 1.
Indian Nationals 2. Foreign Nationals holding OCI Card. For more details please visit: Fast Track
Immigration (mha.gov.in)Certain items, including firearms, weapons or any kind of dangerous items,
are prohibited in check-in and cabin baggage as per airline regulations. Please refer directly to the
specific airline's website for detailed baggage restrictions. MakeMyTrip is not liable for the
same.Children below 18 years travelling alone may be classified as ‘Unaccompanied Minors’ (UMNR)
and can be subject to airline-specific UMNR rules, forms, and extra charges. Non-compliance may
lead to denied boarding. Please check the respective airline’s website for exact requirements. Kindly
note that MakeMyTrip will not have control over airline-specific decisions or charges.
• Visa Requirements Passport should be valid for minimum 6 months from the day of departure.All
travellers must present hard copies of their foreign visa (soft copies won’t be accepted) at the
immigration counters during departure.MakeMyTrip holds no liability with respect to visa information.
To get further details on visa and passport requirements, before booking your travel, click here
• Valid ID proof needed Carry a valid photo identification proof (Driver Licence, Aadhar Card, Pan Card
or any other Government recognised photo identification)
• Surcharge Fee: A non-refundable surcharge fee of INR100/passenger will be charged on your
Flight(s) during cancellation and while rescheduling the surcharge fee would be adjusted in the new
PNR and will not to be charged again.
• Ensure Compliance with Visa/Transit Visa Requirements Please ensure you verify and adhere to
the visa and transit visa requirements based on your nationality, passport type, and destination
country. MakeMyTrip holds our customers' best interests at heart; however, we cannot be held liable
for any issues that may arise from a failure to seek and follow the necessary visa information. For the
most reliable and up-to-date visa requirements, check reputable regulatory websites like IATA or with
the airline.
• Transit Visa Requirement Please note that travellers are solely responsible for ensuring their
eligibility to enter the destination or transit countries. We accept no liability in this regard. Please check
